Improve editor animation, prevent searching editor when hidden (#410)
seek-oss/playroom: .changeset/spicy-ants-push.md

---
'playroom': minor
---

Refactor layout.

> Improve the animation for the toggling code editor. Prevent code contents from being searchable when the editor is hidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve the code editor show/hide animation. Prevent code contents from being searchable when the editor is hidden.
```
